abhorrent - detestable
absent - ausente
abstinent - abstinente
adherent - adherente
adjacent - adyacente
ambivalent - ambivalente
ancient - antiguo
apparent - aparente
ardent - ardiente
astringent - astringente
benevolent - benévolo
coherent - coherente
coincident - coincidente
competent - competente
confident - confiado
consequent - consiguiente
consistent - consecuente
convenient - conveniente
corpulent - corpulento
current - actual
decadent - decadente
deficient - deficiente
dependent - dependiente
different - diferente
divergent - divergente
effervescent - efervescente
efficient - eficiente
eloquent - elocuente
emergent - emergente
equivalent - equivalente
evident - evidente
excellent - excelenteexigent
(éksidchent) -
exigente
existent - existente
fluent - fluido
fraudulent - fraudulento
frequent - frecuente
imminent - inminente
impatient - impaciente
impotent - impotente
imprudent - imprudente
inconvenient - inconveniente
indecent - indecente
independent - independiente
indifferent - indiferente
indolent - indolente
indulgent - indulgente
innocent - inocente
insistent - insistente
insolent - insolente
intelligent - inteligente
manificent - magnífico
obedient - obediente
omnipotent - omnipotente
opulent - opulento
patient - paciente
permanent - permanente
persistent - perseverante
proficient - competente
prominent - prominente
prudent - prudente
recent - reciente
resilient - fuerte
solvent - solvente
sufficient - suficiente
transparent - transparente
urgent - urgente
violent - violento