artful - ingenioso
awful - horrible
bashful - vergonzoso
beautiful - hermoso
boastful - jactancioso
careful - cuidadoso
cheerful - alegre
colorful - vistoso/colorido
deceitful - engañoso
delightful - encantador
disdainful - desdeñoso
disgraceful - vergonzoso
distasteful - desagradable
doleful - lúgubre
doubtful - dudoso
dreadful - terrible
dutiful - obediente
eventful - accidentado
faithful - fiel
fanciful - imaginario
fateful - profético
fearful - temeroso
fitful - irregular
forceful - enérgico
forgetful - despistado
frightful - espantoso
fruitful - fructuoso
gleeful - alegre
graceful - elegante
grateful - agradecido
harmful - dañino
hateful - odiosohelpful
(jélpul) -
útil, servicial
hopeful - esperanzador
insightful - profundo
joyful - alegre
lawful - legal
meaningful - significativo
merciful - misericordioso
mindful - consciente
mournful - triste
neglectful - negligente
painful - doloroso
peaceful - pacífico
pitiful - lamentable
playful - juguetón
plentiful - abundante
powerful - poderoso
regardful - atento
regretful - arrepentido
remorseful - arrepentido
resentful - resentido
resourceful - inventivo
respectful - respetuoso
restful - relajante
revengeful - vengativo
rightful - legítimo
rueful - pesaroso
scornful - desdeñoso
shameful - vergonzoso
sinful - pecador
skilful - hábil
sorrowful - afligido
spiteful - rencorosostressful
(strésful) -
estresante
successful - exitoso
tactful - discreto
tasteful - sabroso
thankful - agradecido
thoughtful - pensativo
truthful - verídico
unfaithful - infiel
ungrateful - desagradecido
unsuccessful - fracasado
useful - útil
watchful - vigilante
wilful - voluntarioso
wistful - pensativo
wonderful - maravilloso
wrongful - injusto