abominable - abominable
acceptable - aceptable
accountable - responsable
adaptable - adaptable
adjustable - ajustable
advisable - aconsejable
agreeable - agradable
amiable - afable
amicable - amistoso
associable - associable
attainable - alcanzable
available - disponible
believable - creíble
capable - capaz
changeable - cambiable
charitable - caritativo
comfortable - cómodo
conciliable - conciliable
credible - creíble
dependable - serio
deplorable - deplorable
desirable - deseable
despicable - despreciable
despisable - despreciable
detachable - desmontable
drinkable - potable
durable - duradero
eligible - elegible
enjoyable - agradable
explicable - explicable
fashionable - de moda
favorable - favorablefeasible - factible
flexible - flexible
foreseeable - previsible
forgettable - olvidable
forgivable - perdonable
gullible - crédulo
honorable - honorable
horrible - horrible
impeccable - impecable
incapable - incapaz
inconceivable - inconcebible
incurable - incurable
indispensable - indispensable
inedible - no comestible
irrefutable - irrefutable
irreplaceable - irremplazable
knowledgeable - entendido
likable - agradable
lovable - adorable
memorable - memorable
movable - movible
observable - observable
pardonable - perdonable
pleasurable - agradable
portable - portátil
printable - imprimible
probable - probable
procurable - asequible
profitable - provechoso
programmable - programable
punishable - castigable
questionable - cuestionable
reachable - accesible
readable - legible
realizable - realizable
reasonable - razonable
refutable - refutable
regrettable - deplorable
reliable - confiable
remarkable - notable
removable - desprendible
stable - estable
suitable - conveniente
unable - incapaz
uncomfortable - incómodo
understandable - comprensible
unforgettable - inolvidable
unpredictable - imprevisible
valuable - valioso
variable - variable
vulnerable - vulnerable
washable - lavable