abundance - abundancia
acceptance - aceptación
acquaintance - conocido
advance - avance
alliance - alianza
allowance - concesión
ambulance - ambulancia
annoyance - molestia
appearance - aspecto
arrogance - arrogancia
assistance - ayuda
balance - equilibrio
brilliance - brillantez
chance - posibilidad
circumstance - circunstancia
dance - baile
defiance - desafío
deliverance - liberación
dependance - dependencia
deviance - desviación
disappearance - desaparición
distance - distancia
elegance - elegancia
endurance - resistencia
entrance - entrada
extravagance - derroche
exuberance - exuberancia
finance - finanzas
flamboyance - extravagancia
fragrance - fragancia
glance - vistazo
ignorance - ignorancia
imbalance - desequilibrio
importance - importancia
inheritance - herencia
instance - caso
insurance - seguro
intolerance - intolerancia
luminance - luminosidad
nuisance - molestia
observance - observancia
performance - interpretación
pittance - miseria
radiance - resplandor
reassurance - consuelo
redundance - redundancia
relevance - importancia
reliance - confianza
reluctance - renuencia
remembrance - conmemoración
renaissance - renacimiento
repentance - arrepentimiento
resemblance - parecido
resistance - resistencia
surveillance - vigilancia
temperance - moderación
tolerance - tolerancia
utterance - declaración
vengeance - venganza
vigilance - vigilancia