awareness - conciencia
baldness - calvicie
bitterness - amargura
blindness - ceguera
brightness - brillo
business - negocio
carelessness - descuido
cleanliness - limpieza
cleverness - inteligencia
clumsiness - torpeza
coldness - frialdad
consciousness - consciencia
coolness - frescura
craziness - locura
dampness - humedad
darkness - oscuridad
deafness - sordera
dizziness - mareo
dryness - sequedad
effectiveness - eficacia
emptiness - vacío
exactness - exactitud
fairness - imparcialidad
firmness - firmeza
fitness - estado físico
fondness - cariño
forgiveness - perdón
frankness - franqueza
freshness - frescura
friendliness - amistad
frightfulness - horror
gentleness - suavidad
giddiness - mareo
goodness - bondad
greatness - grandeza
greediness - avaricia
happiness - felicidad
holiness - santidad
idleness - ociosidad
illness - enfermedad
kindness - amabilidad
laziness - pereza
lightness - ligereza
loneliness - soledad
madness - locura
politeness - cortesía
quietness - tranquilidad
readiness - preparación
sadness - tristeza
selfishness - egoísmo
seriousness - seriedad
shyness - timidez
sickness - enfermedad
sleepiness - somnolencia
stiffness - rigidez
sweetness - dulzor
tenderness - ternura
thickness - grosor
tiredness - cansancio
unhappiness - infelicidad
usefulness - utilidad
vividness - viveza
weakness - debilidad
wilderness - páramo
willingness - buena predisposición
witness - testigo