abbreviation - abreviatura
abolition - supresión
abortion - aborto
absorption - absorción
abstraction - abstracción
acceleration - aceleración
accentuation - acentuación
accommodation - alojamiento
accreditation - acreditación
accumulation - acumulación
accusation - acusación
action - acción
adaptation - adaptación
addiction - adicción
addition - adición
administration - administración
admiration - admiración
adoption - adopción
affection - afecto
affliction - aflicción
allegation - alegato
alteration - alteración
ambition - ambición
animation - animación
application - solicitud
appreciation - apreciación
arbitration - arbitraje
association - asociación
assumption - asunción
attention - atención
attraction - atracción
authorisation - autorización
automation - automatización
aviation - aviación
calculation - cálculo
caution - precaución
circulation - circulación
civilisation - civilización
classification - clasificación
coalition - coalición
collection - colección
collocation - colocación
combination - combinación
combustion - combustión
communication - comunicación
compensation - compensación
competition - concurso
completion - finalización
complication - complicación
composition - composición
concentration - concentración
condition - condición
confederation - confederación
confirmation - confirmación
congregation - fieles
connection - unión
conservation - cnservación
consideration - consideración
constellation - constelación
constitution - constitución
construction - construcción
consumption - consumo
contraction - contracción
contradiction - contradicción
contribution - contribución
convention - convención
conversation - conversación
conviction - convicción
cooperation - cooperación
correction - corrección
creation - creación
deception - engaño
declaration - declaración
decoration - decoración
dedication - dedicación
deduction - deducción
definition - definición
deflation - deflación
delegation - delegación
demolition - demolicion
demonstration - demostración
description - descripción
designation - designación
destination - destino
destruction - destrucción
detection - descubrimiento
determination - determinación
devotion - lealtad
direction - dirección
discrimination - discriminación
distinction - diferencia
distraction - distracción
distribution - distribución
donation - donación
duration - duración
edition - edición
education - educación
elevation - elevación
estimation - valoración
evolution - evolución
examination - examen
excavation - excavación
exception - excepción
exclamation - exclamación
execution - ejecución
exhaustion - agotamiento
exhibition - exposición
expectation - expectativa
expedition - expedición
expiration - expiración
explanation - explicación
exploration - exploración
exposition - exposición
extinction - extinción
federation - federación
flotation - flotación
formation - formación
foundation - fundación
fraction - fracción
function - función
generation - generación
graduation - graduación
hesitation - vacilación
identification - identificación
ignition - ignición
illustration - ilustración
imagination - imaginación
imposition - imposición
inauguration - inauguración
indication - indicación
indigestion - indigestión
infection - infección
inflammation - inflamación
inflation - inflación
information - información
injection - inyección
innovation - innovación
inspection - inspección
inspiration - inspiración
instruction - instrucción
integration - integración
intention - intención
interruption - interrupción
intersection - intersección
introduction - introducción
intuition - intuición
invention - invención
investigation - investigación
invitation - invitación
irrigation - irrigación
location - posición
migration - migración
multiplication - multiplicación
navigation - navegación
negotiation - negociación
nomination - nombramiento
notion - noción
nutrition - nutrición
objection - objeción
obligation - obligación
observation - observación
occupation - ocupación
operation - operación
opposition - oposición
organization - organización
perfection - perfección
persecution - persecución
perspiration - transpiración
petition - petición
pollution - contaminación
position - posición
precaution - precaución
precipitation - precipitación
prediction - predicción
preparation - preparación
prescription - prescripción
presentation - presentación
prevention - prevención
privatisation - privatización
probation - período de prueba
proclamation - proclamación
production - producción
pronunciation - pronunciación
proportion - proporción
protection - protección
publication - publicación
qualification - calificación
question - pregunta
quotation - cita
radiation - radiación
ration - ración
reaction - reacción
reception - recepción
recognition - reconocimiento
recreation - reconstrucción
reduction - reducción
reflection - reflexión
regulation - regulación
rendition - interpretación
repetition - repetición
reproduction - reproducción
reputation - reputación
reservation - reservación
resignation - dimisión
resolution - resolución
respiration - respiración
restriction - restricción
revolution - revolución
salvation - salvación
satisfaction - satisfacción
seduction - seducción
selection - selección
sensation - sensación
separation - separación
solution - solución
starvation - hambruna
station - estación
subscription - suscripción
subtraction - substracción
suggestion - sugerencia
superstition - superstición
tradition - tradición
transition - transición
translation - traducción
transportation - transporte
vacation - vacaciones
valuation - valoración
variation - variación
vegetation - vegetación
ventilation - ventilación
vibration - vibración