atrocity - atrocidad
audacity - audacia
authenticity - autenticidad
capacity - capacidad
domesticity - domesticidad
eccentricity - excentricidad
elasticity - elasticidad
electricity - electricidad
ethnicity - pertenencia Ã©tnica
felicity - felicidad
ferocity - ferocidad
incapacity - incapacidad
loquacity - locuacidad
perspicacity - perspicacia
precocity - precocidad
publicity - publicidad
reciprocity - reciprocidad
sagacity - sagacidad
scarcity - escasez
tenacity - tenacidad
velocity - velocidad
veracity - veracidad
vivacity - vivacidad
voracity - voracidad