admission - admisión
cohesion - cohesión
collision - colisión
comprehension - comprensión
conclusion - conclusión
confusion - confusión
decision - decisión
delusion - ilusión vana
depression - depresión
dimension - dimensión
discussion - discusión
diversion - desvío
erosion - erosión
expansion - extensión
explosion - explosión
expression - expresión
extension - extensión
fusion - fusión
illusion - ilusión
immersion - inmersión
incursion - incursión
intrusion - intrusión
invasion - invasión
inversion - inversión
mansion - mansión
mission - misión
obsession - obsesión
occasion - ocasión
omission - omisión
oppression - opresión
passion - pasión
percussion - percusión
permission - permiso
persuasion - persuasión
perversion - perversión
possession - posesión
precision - precisión
profession - profesión
repression - represión
repulsion - repulsión
reversion - reversión
revision - revisión
seclusion - aislamiento
session - sesión
supervision - supervisión
television - televisión
tension - tensión
transfusion - transfusión
transgression - transgresión
transmission - transmisión
version - versión
vision - visión