authorization - autorización
centralization - centralización
characterization - caracterización
civilization - civilización
colonization - colonización
commercialization - comercialización
dramatization - dramatización
finalization - finalización
globalization - globalización
industrialization - industrialización
legalization - legalización
liberalization - liberalización
materialization - materialización
maximization - maximización
mechanization - mecanización
memorization - memorización
minimization - minimización
modernization - modernización
nationalization - nacionalización
normalization - normalización
optimization - optimización
organization - organización
privatization - privatización
rationalization - racionalización
realization - realización
socialization - socialización