abate - disminuir
abbreviate - abreviar
abdicate - abdicar
abrogate - revocar
accelerate - acelerar
accentuate - acentuar
acclimate - aclimatar
accommodate - alojar
accumulate - acumular
activate - activar
actuate - accionar
adjudicate - arbitrar
adulterate - adulterar
adumbrate - esbozar/presagiar
advocate - abogar por
affiliate - afiliar
agglutinate - aglutinar
aggravate - agravar
aggregate - agrupar/sumar
agitate - hacer una campaña
alienate - alienar/enajenar
alleviate - aliviar
allocate - asignar
alternate - alternar
amalgamate - amalgamar
amputate - amputar
animate - animar
annihilate - aniquilar/derrotar
annotate - anotar
anticipate - esperar/prever
appreciate - apreciar
appropriate - apropiar
approximate - aproximar
arbitrate - arbitrar
arrogate - atribuir
articulate - articular
asphyxiate - asfixiar
aspirate - aspirar
assassinate - matar
assimilate - asimilar
associate - asociar
attenuate - atenuar
authenticate - certificar
bifurcate - bifurcar
calculate - contar
capitulate - capitular
captivate - encantar
castigate - fustigar/criticar
celebrate - celebrar
circulate - circular
coagulate - coagular
collaborate - colaborar
collocate - colocar
commemorate - conmemorar
communicate - comunicar
compensate - compensar
complicate - complicar
concentrate - concentrar
conciliate - apaciguar
confiscate - confiscar
congratulate - congratular
congregate - reunir
conjugate - conjugar
consolidate - consolidar
consummate - consumar
contaminate - contaminar
contemplate - reflexionar
cooperate - cooperar
coordinate - coordenada
copulate - copular
correlate - guardar correlación
corroborate - confirmar
create - crear
cremate - cremar
culminate - culminar
cultivate - cultivar
cumulate - acumular
debate - debatir
decapitate - decapitar
decorate - pintar
dedicate - dedicar
degenerate - degenerar
dehydrate - deshidratar
delegate - delegar
deliberate - deliberar
delimitate - delimitar
delineate - delinear
demarcate - demarcar
demonstrate - manifestar
denigrate - denigrar
denominate - denominar
depurate - purificar
derogate - quitar mérito
designate - designar
deteriorate - deteriorar
detonate - detonar
devaluate - devaluar
devastate - devastar
deviate - desviar
dictate - dictar
differentiate - distinguir
discriminate - discriminar
disintegrate - desintegrar
dislocate - dislocar
disorientate - desorientar
dissimulate - disimular
dissipate - disipar
dissociate - disociar
domesticate - domesticar
dominate - dominar
donate - donar
duplicate - duplicar
educate - educar
elaborate - explicar
elevate - elevar
eliminate - eliminar
emanate - emanar
emancipate - emancipar
emulate - emular
enumerate - enumerar
enunciate - articular
equate - comparar
estimate - estimar
evacuate - evacuar
evaporate - evaporar
exacerbate - exacerbar
exaggerate - exagerar
exasperate - exasperar
exculpate - exculpar
expatriate - expatriar
explicate - explicar
expropriate - expropiar
extenuate - atenuar
fabricate - inventar
facilitate - facilitar
fluctuate - fluctuar
formulate - formular
frustrate - frustrar
fulminate - fulminar
generate - generar
germinate - germinar
graduate - graduar
hallucinate - alucinar
hate - odiar
hesitate - vacilar
illuminate - iluminar
illustrate - ilustrar
immolate - inmolar
impersonate - hacer pasar
implicate - implicar
impregnate - impregnar
inaugurate - inaugurar
incapacitate - incapacitar
incinerate - incinerar
incorporate - incorporar
incriminate - incriminar
incubate - incubar
indicate - indicar
infiltrate - infiltrar
inflate - inflar
initiate - iniciar
innovate - innovar
inoculate - inocular
insinuate - insinuar
instigate - instigar
integrate - integrar
interrogate - interrogar
intimate - insinuar a alguien
intoxicate - intoxicar
invalidate - invalidar
investigate - investigar
irradiate - irradiar
irrigate - irrigar
irritate - irritar
isolate - aislar
lacerate - lacerar
legislate - legislar
legitimate - legitimar
liberate - liberar
locate - localizar
manipulate - manipular
medicate - tratar
meditate - meditar
migrate - migrar
moderate - moderar
modulate - modular
motivate - motivar
mutilate - mutilar
narrate - relatar
navigate - navegar
necessitate - requerir
negotiate - negociar
obligate - obligar
operate - operar
orate - perorar
orientate - orientar
oscillate - oscilar
oxygenate - oxigenar
palliate - paliar
participate - participar
perforate - perforar
perpetrate - perpetrar
populate - poblar
postulate - postular
precipitate - precipitar
predestinate - predestinar
predominate - predominar
premeditate - premeditar
procreate - procrear
promulgate - promulgar
propitiate - propiciar
reactivate - reactivar
recuperate - recuperar
refrigerate - refrigerar
regenerate - regenerar
regulate - regular
rehabilitate - rehabilitar
reincarnate - reencarnar
reiterate - reiterar
relegate - relegar
relocate - trasladar
remonstrate - protestar
renovate - renovar
replicate - reproducir
repudiate - rechazar
restate - repetir
resuscitate - resucitar
rotate - girar
satiate - saciar
sedate - sedar
segregate - segregar
separate - separar
situate - situar
speculate - especular
stagnate - estancar
state - establecer
stimulate - estimular
stipulate - estipular
subjugate - sojuzgar
subordinate - subordinar
suffocate - asfixiar
supplicate - suplicar
titillate - estimular/despertar
tolerate - tolerar
translate - traducir
transliterate - transcribir
triplicate - triplicar
understate - subestimar
vaccinate - vacunar
vacillate - vacilar
validate - validar
venerate - venerar
vibrate - vibrar
violate - violar
vociferate - vociferar